before I start this video I just like to
give a quick shout-out to slide to
develop his link will be in the sidebar
he currently has 12 subscribers and you
should expect the following from his
channel hacks app and case reviews
giveaways and more and speaking at
giveaways he's currently having a 10
promo code giveaway so definitely check
him out link in the sidebar
hey guys your tech review with another
unboxing which I got from Boxing Day
which is pretty much like a Black Friday
in the US and I purchased this 8
gigabyte memory card for the new
camcorder of me and my dad got more than
be sharing this that's pretty cool
this was actually $10 off the retail
price and this was actually $100 off the
retail price
both purchase at the source on the
boxing day so that's really cool the
most famous thing about this camera or
this camcorder which is the Panasonic
SDR def st6
is that it has a really nice zoom in
guys I've seen some videos on it and
it's pretty awesome
but the quality's not the best but this
is for my dad I'm going to be using I'm
still going to be using the one I'm
using right now which is the JVC everyo
which is my mom's camera but let's just
take a quick look at the box and then
get straight on into it so it's
compatible with math which is also
awesome iMovie which I have on my Mac at
the bottom there's not much to it and
the only flaw but this camera guys is
that there's no internal memory so you
have to buy an SD card and the SD cards
are not cheap so that's not too cool so
let's just go ahead and get straight on
into the unboxing okay so here it is
just some instructions on the packaging
and stuff where'd you find this stuff
and very awesome cool packaging got
right here first of all we have the
Panasonic software which II camera
includes a video cam suit 2.0 I believe
it's compatible with Mac so I'm not
about that over here we have some
operating instructions there's not much
to it guys if you see manual setup and
get into that the dirt is very cool
staying itself guys this camera said
she's pretty small or camcorder so I'll
put that aside let's see what else we
have in here so here we have some USB
cables to go into PC or to go into the
computer via mini USB into teeny
camcorder so that's really cool here we
have the charger yeah this is the
charger there should be a power block in
here somewhere okay let's take the
stoppers this is to connect the camera
to the TV as you can see you got all
these AV cables so that's nice in here
this is a battery pack for the camcorder
itself see what else we have in here
yeah I just need power brick so you
connect this to this and then it turned
this the camera the battery I believe
you don't actually charge the battery
charge the camera which has the battery
in it you know me
and no there isn't guys so that's all
it's in the box put this aside and let's
just look at the beautiful thing itself
okay guys as you can see it looks really
nice it's in the kind of gold color got
the YouTube logo right there very cool
I'll probably do a video like test
quality test but I want to review not
actually sure what that for but it's
really cool the armband feels really
nice
all these dials here screens fairly nice
I believe you can turn it around like
that seeking film yourself yes very true
indeed and tripod mount here I believe
you put your battery in here try to open
this up for you guys there you go my
battery just goes in like so and I
wonder this is already charged up guys I
doubt it though then here is the
compartment if I open this up this is
the compartment for the AV cables and
USB and let's just try to power this
baby up now it has no power in that guys
and here is the zoom in zoom oh etc and
that's all there is to sandboxing guys
so thanks for watching the unboxing of
the Panasonic FC ardèche s 26 camcorder
if you have any questions feel free to
comment down below guys and stay tuned
for the video quality test and this is
pretty much all you get in the packing
get USB cables AV cables you get the
charger you get a little installation
software and you get the camera itself
and I separately purchased this SD card
because there is no internal memory in
this camera so thanks for watching guys
please rate favorite comment and
subscribe and have a nice one BAM